---
layout: post
author: &author Antoinette
categories: quick-reads  
#year: 2020
title: Making Extra Money as a 3D Artist.
tile-title: Making Extra Money as a 3D Artist.
excerpt: This is a short introduction for the current video.
place: You can add extra text under the thumbnail
image:
    path:
    thumbnail: images/blog/integration.jpg
#type: Blog
#excerpt: About Test
#comments: true
#share: true
#read_time: true
#schema: BlogPosting
---


{% include responsive-embed url="https://player.vimeo.com/video/163790880?title=0&amp;byline=0" ratio="16:9" %}

2020 has started with the COVID-19 pandemic, that affects all industry from travel to film production. Amid the economic and job market's uncertainty caused by this health crisis, here are some ideas to make money on the side as a 3D artist:

###Selling 3D Model Online
Many production houses need basic 3D models for their next ad, short films or games. It’s up to you to provide high quality, special software formatting, to be creative enough and think of additional features that may highlight and put that particular model above the rest.
You can check DAZ3d, Unity Asset Store, Turbosquid and CG studio to start selling.

###Affiliate Marketing
Many artists might not be familiar with affiliate marketing. If you own your own blog or already established yourself on social channels, affiliate marketing can be a nice addition to your income. Affiliate marketing is the process by which an affiliate earns a commission for marketing another company’s products. The affiliate simply searches for a product they enjoy, then promotes that product and earns a piece of the profit from each sale they make. The sales are tracked via affiliate links from one website to another.
Many software companies offer affiliate marketing programs to 3D artists that already use their program, including us! If you are interested in joining Artineering's affiliate program, please email us and we will get back to you with the details.

###Creating a 3D Course
If you have tons of industry experience and skills, chances are, there are people who are eager to learn from you.  Make your own course and tutorials on online learning platforms like Skillshare or Udemy. This can be a good source of income as some of the courses go up to hundreds of enrollments. Multiplied by the price of each person, the result is a nice pay. You can also build yourself as a brand on social media to help market your course.

###Working Freelance
There are many platforms that you can use to look for a freelance gig 	
as a 3D artist, such as Upwork or Fiverr. Upwork offers a decent one time or hourly pay, depending on what the client is looking for. This is good for artists that are looking to build a long term relationship with clients to secure potential future projects. On the other extreme, there is Fiverr that has really low rates for 3D artists but it also bring you tons of clients and you have the ability to upsell. The trick here is to create a general model in a niche. For example, if you are targetting clients who look for environment modeling, you may want to make sofas or other furniture and list them online. Some artists do a quick and decent general model during their one-hour lunch break and charge for $100. If the client wants customization, you can charge them extra. The client can also just purchase your ready-made basic model as is.
