---
layout: page
title: Introduction to identifying and characterising variants from NGS data
excerpt: "Intro to Variants"
startDate: 2018-06-04
endDate: 2018-06-05
startTime: 9.30
endTime: 17.00
city: sheffield
country: United Kingdom
venue: Pam Liversidge Design Studio 2 - E06
---

- Sheffield - 4th/5th June 2018
- 09:30am - 5pm
- Pam Liversidge Design Studio 2 - E06

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d9519.181464571486!2d-1.4777067!3d53.3827108!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x60e5580cdf19b137!2sPam+Liversidge+Building!5e0!3m2!1sen!2suk!4v1510862811609" width="600" height="450" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Overview

High-throughput technologies such as next generation sequencing (NGS) can routinely produce massive amounts of data. These technologies allow us to describe all variants in a genome and international collaborative efforts such as The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) and International Cancer Genome Consortium (ICGC) have begun to catalogue and release data on genomic variation in a variety of cancer types.

However, such datasets pose new challenges in the way the data have to be analyzed, annotated and interpreted which are not trivial and are daunting to the wet-lab biologist. This course covers state-of-the-art and best-practice tools for the analysis of genomes. We describe, and give hands-on experience of, the entire analysis workflow from raw data generated by a sequencing machine to deriving variant calls (e.g. SNVs) that are ready for downstream analysis, interpretation and prioritisation.

We will describe the steps involved to go from sequencing library to a *prioritised*, *clinically-relevant* list of Single Nucleotide Variants. Practical sessions will use the user-friendly Galaxy interface (https://usegalaxy.org/) to demonstrate tasks such as *alignment*, *quality control*, *variant-calling* and *annotation*. 



## Who should attend this course?

Researchers in life sciences who want to get an appreciation for the computational steps involved in calling DNA variants, but not neccesarily wishing to execute the pipeline for themselves. 

## Objectives:- After this course you should be able to:

- Recall the key pipeline steps in calling variants from NGS data
- Understand the contents of *fastq*, *bam* and *vcf* file formats for NGS data
- Execute key steps of the pipeline using the online Galaxy services presented
- Interpret a set of variant-calls using best-practice guidelines

## Aims:- During this course you will learn about:

- Common file formats for representing NGS data
- Aligning genome data to reference sequence using modern alignment programmes (e.g. *bwa*)
- How to determine the analytical sensitiviy of genomic tests
- Use of tools to call sequence variants (e.g. *GATK*) and annotation of variant call files using established databases
- Principles of integration of laboratory and clinical information, and place of best-practice guidelines for indicating the clinical significance of results

## Prerequisites

- No prior programming experience is required. Prior knowledge of NGS sequencing technologies would be an advantage, but not required.

## Instructors

- Mark Dunning, Bioinformatics Core Director
- Matthew Parker, Bioinformatics Core Scientist
- Dennis Wang, Bioinformatics Core, Scientific Co-Director

## Timetable (provisional)



## Registration 

Registration is opening soon ...

