---
layout: post
title: How bad do you thirst for success!
modified:
categories: blog
excerpt: How bad do you thirst for success!
tags: [life, success]
author: 
image:
  feature:
date: 2013-07-06 02:37
comments: true
share: true
---

How bad do you thirst for success!

There is a young men, you know, who wanted to make a lot of money and so he went to this Guru, right.

And he told Guru, you know, "I wanna be the same level you are".

And the Guru said:"If you wanna be the same level I'm on, I'll meet you tomorrow at the beach."

So the young man get there 4 AM. He already to rock n' roll. Got on the suit should of wore shorts.

The old grab his hands and said:"How bad do you wanna be success?"

He said:"Real bad!" 

He said:"Walk on out in the water." 

So he walk out into the water. Watch this, when he walk out to the water, he gose waist deep and goes like this guy crazy.

Hey I wanna make money and he got me out here swimming. I didn't ask to be a lifeguard. I wanna make money he get me in.

So he said:"Come on, little further, walk out a littel further."

Then he had it rignt around this area, the shoulder area. so this old man crazy. He making money but he crazy.

So he said:"Come on out a litte further." 

It was right at his mouth. 

"My man, I'm about to go back in. This guy is out of his mind." 

And the old man said:"I thought you said you wanna be successful?" 

He said:"I do" 

He said:"Then walk a littel further."

He came, dropped his head in, held him down, hold in down, my man (kept scratching) hold him down. He had him held down, just before my man was about to pass out. He raise him up.

He said:"I get a question for you." He told the guy, he said:"When you want to success as bad as you wanna breathe than you will be successful."

I don't know how many of you all got asthma here today? If you ever had a asthma attack before your short of breathe. S.O.B, shortness of breath, you wheezing(breath sound). The only thing you trying to do is get some air. You don't care about basketball game, you don't care about what's on TV, you don't care about nobody calling you, you don't care about a party. The only thing you care about when you try to breathe is to get some fresh air.

That's it!

And when you get to the point, where all you wannna do is be successful as bad as you wanna breathe, then you'll be successful.

And I'm here to you that No.1, most of you say you wanna be successful, but you don't want it bad. You just kind of want it.You don't want it bad than you wanna party. You don't want it as much as you wanna be coll. Most of you don't want success as much as you wanna sleep. Some of you lost sleep more than you lost success. And I'm here to tell you today, If you going to be successful, you gotta be willing to give up sleep. You gotta be willing work with 3 hours of sleep, 2 hours of sleep. If you really wanna be successful, some day you gonna have to stay up 3 days in a row. Because if you go to sleep, you might miss the opportunity to be successful. That's how bad you gotta. You gotta go day without...

Listen to me.

You gotta want to be successful so bad that you forget to eat. Some said that, once she was on the set doing her thing three days had gone by and she forget she didn't eat. Cause she was engaged. I never forget. I went, 50cent was doing his movie. I did a littel research on 50. and 50 said that when he wasn't do the movie he was doing the soundtrack. And they said:"When do you sleep?50". And 50 said:"You said sleep? Sleep is for those people who are broke. I don't sleep, see I get opportunity to make my dream become a raality."

Don't cry to quits. You are already in pain, you already hurt. Get reward from it.

Don't go to sleep until you succeed. 

Listen to me. I'm here to tell you today, you can come here and you can jump up, you can do flips and you can be excited when we give away  money. But listen to me, you will never be successful. I don't have to give you a dime if you don't do what you should do.
